Delete previous plans on autoplan or atlantis plan (#1633)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/using-atlantis.md

* `-w workspace` Switch to this [Terraform workspace](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/workspaces.html) before planning. Defaults to `default`. If not using Terraform workspaces you can ignore this.
* `--verbose` Append Atlantis log to comment.

::: warning NOTE

> A `terraform plan` (without flags), like autoplans, discards all plans previously created with `atlantis plan` `-p`/`-d`/`-w`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `atlantis plan` (without flags), like autoplans, discards all plans previously created with `atlantis plan` `-p`/`-d`/`-w`
```
```suggestion
A `terraform plan` (without flags), like autoplans, discards all plans previously created with `atlantis plan` `-p`/`-d`/`-w`
```

Author: fixed thanks
